BZ: 2022273 - Add example for scheduling a result server pod on a worker node (#38680)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/running-compliance-scans-worker-node.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/compliance_operator/compliance-scans.adoc

[id="running-compliance-scans-worker-node_{context}"]
=  Scheduling the result server pod on a worker node

The result server pod is used to mount the persistent volume (PV) storage volume that stores the raw Asset Reporting Format (ARF) scan results. The `nodeSelector` and `tolerations` attributes allow you to configure the location of the result server pod.

This is helpful for those environments where control plane nodes are not permitted to mount persistent volumes.

.Procedure

> . Inspect the `ScanSetting` object by running:

Reviewer: One more nit -- this object doesn't exist by default. So we can't tell the user to inspect it before it's created

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc describe scansettings default -n openshift-compliance

Reviewer: Note the name of the ScanSetting below -- it's not default, just based on the default with the minimal changes needed to run on workers. I think explaining the default SS is a good idea unless we already do it elsewhere in the doc, but the current flow gives the idea that the example describes the `scansetting/default` object wihch is not the case.

Reviewer: Resolved

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/compliance_operator/compliance-scans.adoc

[id="running-compliance-scans-worker-node_{context}"]
=  Scheduling the result server pod on a worker node

> The result server pod is used to mount the persistent volume (PV) storage volume that stores the raw Asset Reporting Format (ARF) scan results. The `nodeSelector` and `tolerations` attributes allow you to configure the location of the result server pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The result server pod mounts the persistent volume (PV) that stores the raw Asset Reporting Format (ARF) scan results. The `nodeSelector` and `tolerations` attributes enable you to configure the location of the result server pod.
```

Suggested for a simpler sentence and minimalism.

This is helpful for those environments where control plane nodes are not permitted to mount persistent volumes.

.Procedure

> . Create a `ScanSetting` custom resource (CR) for the Compliance Operator:

Reviewer 2: Should there be a command at the end of this sentence? If not, then replace : with a period.

> .. Define the following `ScanSetting` CR, and save the YAML file, for example, `rs-workers.yaml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Define the`ScanSetting` CR, and save the YAML file, for example, `rs-workers.yaml`:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: compliance.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: ScanSetting
metadata:
  name: rs-on-workers
  namespace: openshift-compliance
rawResultStorage:
  nodeSelector:
    node-role.kubernetes.io/worker: "" <1>
  pvAccessModes:
  - ReadWriteOnce 
  rotation: 3
  size: 1Gi
  tolerations:
  - operator: Exists <2>
roles:
- worker
- master
scanTolerations:
  - operator: Exists
schedule: 0 1 * * *
----
<1> The Compliance Operator uses this node to store scan results in ARF format.
<2> The result server pod tolerates all taints.

> .. Create the `ScanSetting` CR by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Create the `ScanSetting` CR, run the following command:
```

> From our [contributing to docs guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#code-blocks-command-syntax-and-example-output)
If a step in a procedure is to run a command, make sure that the step text includes an explicit instruction to "run" or "enter".

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f rs-workers.yaml
----

.Verification

> . To verify that the `ScanSetting` object is created, run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Verify that the `ScanSetting` object is created, run the following command:
```

See above comment.
